---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

_I do not claim any of ideas shared here originated from me, nor am I arrogant_
_enough to claim to have all the answers. I just dream of a better world!_

If you have landed on this blog, I am guessing you have also wondered whether
a better world is possible, whether we can have a higher purpose during our
lifetime than having to show up at a cog-in-the-machine job day after day just
to pay the bills. It is very understandable that you would want to dismiss
this as nothing but a pipe dream detached from the reality and moving on. But
deep down you know. You know that not only a better world is possible, it is
inevitable. As cliche as it is, every single major event that has changed the
course of history, as insurmountable as it sounded at its time, started as an
idea that caught on and eventually became part of the reality. Also consider
that you and I are not by any means the first or the only ones thinking about
this. So allow me a few more brushstrokes to paint the big picture of what this
globe _could_ look like.

There is enough wealth on earth to accommodate every single living human and
then some. If we have any doubts about this, doing the math on the total global
military spend clears them in a snap. In the world we imagine, militaries are
obsolete. With abundance of resources around the globe, competing to accumulate
land and resources is no longer a meaningful concept. In fact, country boarders
are pointless too because humanity has simply evolved from its early territorial
phase. Speaking of evolving, corporations do not exist. In a society where no
one holds more power than others, pyramid-structured organizations or employee-
employer relationships are laughable absurdities. People are not driven by their
greed, so the "profit" construct has no purpose to serve. Contributions to the
society are motivated primarily by interest in the field and the satisfaction
and recognition for their achievements, which are aligned with the progress of
humanity as a whole. Organizations form or dissolve by necessity and are run
democratically. The majority of value systems are naturally aligned. Reserving
and protecting the environment, for instance, is of utmost importance to all.
With the help of technological advances, facts are easier to find from noise
which informs collective decisions.

It takes the majority of the world to believe in this vision and make it the
blueprint of our next collective evolution on earth. Please be an agent of
change, and share this vision if you agree that the self-destructive path the
humanity is on should and can change.
